Group Members: Diana Randall and Camille Larson

<br>This program asks the user for their name and age. Then it repeats their name and tells them how old they will be in ten years.

To install our software you will first install jupyter hub and jupyter notebook at this link: https://jupyter.org/install, this is the python IDE we used to make this project. You should follow the steps posted on the official download site linked above. :) Next, you will fork our repository so you will have your own b=version to play with, to do this we will go into github, make sure our lab is pulled up and click fork. To install our source code from github the way we use is to first open a terminal in jupyter hub by clicking the "+" then under other select terminal. Now we are going to type in "git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/week6_lab.git" (without the quotation marks), this clones your forked version of our repository into jupyterhub. Now once you click into our .pynb file you can run it by clicking the play button on the top toolbar

Next if you want to add anything to our code you can edit the program if you first open the terminal again and cd into whatever you renamed the folder as and add your changes, "cd RENAMEDFOLDER". Then you will type "git add ." to add your changes to the cloned copy. Now we will commit your changes by running "git commit -m "my first commit"" the -m adds your message which can be written where "my first commit" is. Now we want our changes to be seen on github so we will run "git commit origin master", this pushes your changes to the master branch on your repository. Last, we will go back to github and when viewing your forked version you can select pull request and add a comment on what your changes do and we will review the code making sure it follows our code of conduct and licensing rules and will decide whether or not to accept your changes to the master version of the program :). If you contribute at all we really appreciate it and thank you for reading this far!!

For our license, as you will later read, we chose to be very open about this project and its code. We want others to have easy access to it either for educational or other purposes; however, we do not want others to be profiting off of our code in the sense that they are selling it. It is unfair for someone else to take our code and sell it to someone who geniunely needs it. We view this as immoral. Along with this, the user may adjust and change the software, but they must be clear and open about the changes they made. We do not want the user giving out a changed code and trying to say it was the original code. 

Concerning the code of conduct, we want to create a welcoming environment for all, no matter one's characteristics, background, or level of experience. Newcomers are always welcome and will be treated with respect; we were all the newcomer at some point, so treat them as you wish you were treated. We want a positive and collaborative environment, so any unacceptable behavior will be punished accordingly. At the first offense, you must apologize. The second offense will result in a 2 week suspension and the third offense will result in a permanent explusion. We take harrassment very seriously here. Basically, just do not be a crappy person and be respectful and a decent human being. Thank you :)
